add custom/multi-day schedule (#706)
carpentries/workshop-template: _extras/customization.md

## Home Page: Schedule

By default, the template displays the typical schedule for your workshop based on

> the values of the variables set in the `_config.yml`. If you need to modify this
> schedule, you need to edit the `schedule.html` file found in the folder that
> matches the type of workshop you will be teaching (`dc`, `lc`, or `swc`) found
> in the `_includes` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the values of the variables set in the `_config.yml`. If you need to  make
minor modifications to this schedule, you can edit the `schedule.html` file
found in the sub-folder of the `_includes` folder that matches the type of 
workshop you will be teaching  (`dc`, `lc`, or `swc`).
```
